OK,
guys.
Now we're gonna have a look at how to change the number of deaths.
Small places we can see you now.
Results.
You can see here currently in this range that we have a uniform amount of decimal places.
But if you look over here at this data,
we can see that we have vary in different lengths.
We have some that this long,
some with just one.
There were essentially two ways to change the number of decimal places you can see.
The first is to hover over the soul that you want to change.
Make sure it's selected right,
click and choose format cells on format cells will bring up this dialog box and you can see
that number is already selected.
We have a sample data,
which is eight point Sorry.
6.8333 which is copied from this cell just here on we can see that we have number of
decimal places is eight.
So if you want to increase it,
just hit the little top arrow button and you can see in a sample that this increases or hit
the down button and you can say our sample decreases the number alternatively in.
Just highlight the number and type any number you want over it.
So that's the one way.
Still it.
Let's click.
OK,
the next ways do it is to look at the home ribbon on.
We're gonna look at the number section of the home ribbon.
Now,
here we can see that we have the increased decimal on the decrease decimal,
and it's pretty obvious.
One day to she left click the increased decimal.
You can see that our number is increasing by one.
They're small place for each click and to decrease.
Just hit the other button and it decreases by one each time they can do this.
One is a time where you can do them on Mass,
and this time we're gonna do them all together.
So I'm just going to bring up that format box.
I'm gonna select number on.
I'm going to say,
Let's just have it down to one decimal place.
So I'm gonna hit okay and they go make us our data looks much better.
Let's just delete those zeroes off the bottom.
So they go in a Cassie.
Although data is uniform and it's displayed toe one decimal place.
Very simple indeed.
OK,
in the next lecture,
we're gonna have a look at something really interesting.
We're gonna have a look at how to build a complex formula by using some that you've already
built beforehand.
OK,
so you in the next lecture.